always: Can you think of a specific example?
because: Is that the real reason?
sorry: Please don't apologize _.
maybe: You don't seem very certain.
i think: Do you really think so?
you: "We were discussing you, not me."
yes: Why do you think so?, You seem quite positive.
no: Why not?, Are you sure?
the: How long have you been thinking about the *?
i am: I am sorry to hear you are *., How long have you been *?, Do you believe it is normal to be *?, Do you enjoy being *?
i'm: I am sorry to hear you are *., How long have you been *?, Do you believe it is normal to be *?, Do you enjoy being *?
i feel: Tell me more about such feelings., Do you often feel *?, Do you enjoy feeling *?, Why do you feel that way?
family: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
mother: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
mom: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
dad: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
father: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
sister: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
brother: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
husband: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
wife: Tell me more about your family., How do you get along with your family?, Is your family important to you?
dream: What does that dream suggest to you?, Do you dream often?, What persons appear in your dreams?, Are you disturbed by your dreams?
nightmare: What does that dream suggest to you?, Do you dream often?, What persons appear in your dreams?, Are you disturbed by your dreams?
hello: Hey there! How are you?, Hey!, Are you doing okay?, Have you been working out?
thank: You're Welcome., No problem., "No, Thank you _."
thanks: You're Welcome., No problem., "No, Thank you _."
^~`: "What does that suggest to you, _?", I see., I'm not sure I understand you fully., Can you elaborate?, "_, that is quite interesting."
